{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
Declutter and Focus: Empirically Evaluating Design Guidelines for Effective Data Communication\
Supplementary Materials\
\
This file is organized into folders for the Pilot Experiment and the Experiment.\
\
The Pilot Experiment contains three folders: Stimuli, Raw Data and Coding, and Analysis. The Stimuli folder contains three versions (cluttered, decluttered, and focused) of six different graph topics (Car, Holiday, News, Tires, Prison, and Plants) for 18 graphs total. These stimuli were slightly changed for the experiment (see section 4 of the paper). The Raw Data and Coding folder contains the ratings and conclusions raw and cleaned data, as well as a folder of all the participants\'92 redrawn graphs. The Analysis folder contains the power analysis data.\
\
The Experiment Folder contains one document (Scenarios) and six folders (00 Stimuli, 01 Redraw Task, 02 Conclusion Free Response Task, 03 Quantitative Rating, 04 Qualitative Rating, and 05 IRR Analysis).\
\
The Scenarios document contains the scenarios that the participants read for all six graph topics before completing the Redraw and Conclusion Free Response tasks.\
\
The 00 Stimuli folder contains three versions (cluttered, decluttered, and focused) of six different graph topics (Car, Holiday, News, Tires, Prison, and Plants) for 18 graphs total.\
\
The 01 Redraw Task folder contains Figure S1, which displays each of the 18 graphs paired with a representative redrawing, as well as two folders (Coding and Analysis). The Coding folder contains a file of the coding for each participant\'92s redrawn graph for each topic, along with a relevancy score underneath (exp1_redraw_raw). The questions that were determined as relevant can be seen in the column titled \'93relevant.\'94 It also includes a folder with all the participants\'92 redrawn graphs. The Analysis folder contains cleaned data, as well as the code and results from the mixed-effect linear regression we performed on redraw task data, particularly in examining relevance scores.\
\
The 02 Conclusion Free Response Task folder contains two folders: Coding and Analysis. The Coding folder contains a file of the subject matters and conclusions that each participant wrote along with the coded conclusion categories and a key of what each conclusion category meant. The Analysis folder contains cleaned data, as well as the code and results from the logistic general linear regression and Chi-square based ANOVA we performed on conclusion free response task data, particularly in examining relevance scores.\
\
The 03 Quantitative Rating folder contains two folders: Ratings Numerical Data and Analysis. The Ratings Numerical Data folder contains a file of each participant\'92s ratings of each graph topic for each of the four metrics (aesthetics, clarity, professionalism, and trustworthiness). The Analysis folder contains the code and results from the MANOVA and post-hoc analyses we performed on quantitative rating data.\
\
The 04 Qualitative Rating folder contains two folders: Coding and Analysis. The Coding folder contains a file titled Rating Open-Ended Responses Coding. This file contains the rubric used to code each open-ended response and their correlation to the categories of aesthetics (visual appeal), clarity, professionalism, and trustworthiness. It also contains each participant\'92s 1-2 sentence response along with their coding. The Analysis folder contains cleaned data, as well as the code and results from the logistic general linear regression and ANOVA using Chi-square comparisons we performed on qualitative rating data, particularly in examining sentiment towards the different visualization designs.\
\
The 05 IRR Analysis folder contains three folders: Redraw Task, Conclusion Free Response Task, and Qualitative Ratings task. Each of these folders contains the two spreadsheets that were compared (coding from two different individuals) to determine IRR. The remaining files in the IRR Analysis folder comprise the analyses themselves.}